if there is a big shock, the fire brigade needs a lot of water as with
this exercise on a tank with lpg
part of that water comes from the pipeline network of vitesse das
tap water that lasts and I use it at home
vitesse wants to provide healthy drinking water and to achieve that, the
Pipes become thinner so that the water flows harder the meters lower on it
square
to get a bit higher in the middle in that way
what aunt good comes from the water quality
the fire brigade has gladly led this, I can quickly get a lot of water through
this is also stated in this report
nevertheless, the security region of utrecht says that the church has nothing to worry about
course participants and teachers are keen on both aspects
You can tell I just had drinking water
the torque for sufficient extinguishing water
and pointer to yes we think in terms of measurements from our point of view
unless you then ultimately the citizen has an interest in both
and good drinking water
and if safety is at stake the case of fire safety is there
contain insufficient
dieter pötsch prepared by administrative law expert outlines a whole
different picture
they are devastating about how vitesse the fire department communicate with each other there
stands among others
there was not always a cooperative attitude on the part
of vitesse
there is insufficient knowledge among fire brigades and vitesse of each other's work
there is too little empathy for the interests of the other
the question then is whether there are new pipelines 2 in our region
the small pipes are used
the department always looks for that
simultaneously to the prison that is left
the alderman
peck that
It is not that we also just say all these things with children
that is our pursuit of smaller ones
and sooner or later we will send Paris to 50 9 and then your head will come off
heels ahead
in front of the camera, the security region says that there is enough fire extinguisher everywhere
but they don't write anything else in their own annual reports
more often proceeded to reduce the ten-year meters of the pipelines with
as a result, problems for the water supply of fire extinguishing water
and then the communication and cooperation between the two
Yes
well, as far as I'm concerned, these collaborations have been good
of which in 2012 their third album from much more often even more
the lord of vitesse
and the security region of utrecht agree with each other there is no problem
strange because
this very substantial report
sketch another image there are problems
do we have to worry
well for a small fire in the home or so the fire department really does
enough water
very large fires a special circumstances says the report would it
It can happen that the fire brigade has too little water